=== ADMINS ===
admin1@planteshop.com password
admin2@planteshop.com password
admin3@planteshop.com password

=== USERS ===
bbecker@example.com password
vasseur.guy@example.com password
lucas.cousin@example.org password
xlagarde@example.org password
pauline52@example.com password
francoise.robert@example.com password
dmallet@example.org password
guillaume69@example.net password
rmartin@example.net password
denis.vaillant@example.net password
eugene38@example.com password
honore74@example.net password
pineau.hugues@example.com password
leclercq.astrid@example.com password
cgomes@example.net password
eugene78@example.org password
rgarnier@example.net password
denis28@example.org password
roger02@example.com password
alexandria.martinez@example.com password
